Dayodeji/auth context branch (#48)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-msal-java-samples: 3-java-servlet-web-app/1-Authentication/sign-in-auth-context/README.md

### 3. Setup the MFA Conditional Access Context

> 1. In the Azure Portal, type Microsoft Entra Conditional Access in the searchbar and select it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Azure Portal, type Microsoft Entra Conditional Access in the search bar and select it.
```

![CA](./ReadmeFiles/CA.png)

Note: this is a different Azure Portal section than Microsoft Entra ID

> 2. Go to the `Authentication Contexts` page, and click on `New Authentication context`. Give it a name (e.g. "MFA") and select an ID from the list, for example `c1`. Ensure the "Publish To Apps" checkbox is checked. Make a note of the ID.

Reviewer: ID of the auth context?

Author: correct!

Author: I'll add that to be clearer thank you!
